the streets of cunes once full of people
are now in
Ruins hundreds of Palestinians are
returning to Southern Gaza carrying the
few possessions they have
left I'm coming back and I have faith in
God I don't know whether we will live or
die but it's all for the sake of the
Homeland the 8ighth day Israeli ground
operation has left behind a trail of
Destruction
homes reduced to Rubble streets
impossible entire neighborhoods
shattered civil defense teams say they
recovered dozens of
bodies most were found in schools being
used as temporary
shelters the symptoms of decomposition
began to appear on the bodies of the
dead it is now up to the forensic
science to determine the causes of death
and if there is torture involved in
other things we already found
dismembered bodies due to quadcopter
direct
targeting for those returning the
challenges are
immense food water and medical supplies
are scarce but they're eager to reclaim
what's left of their
homes what made us return to our home is
that we had no refuge or shelter nowhere
to go no water or even toilets this is
what made Us return home and by the
grace of God we hope for what is
good as Palestinians sift through the
rubble of their former lives they don't
know how long they'll be able to stay
here before the next wave of Israel
attacks or evacuation orders this is
just one city in Gaza but the
devastation is repeated in other areas
across the strip people here say they
want to rebuild their homes and live in
peace as the war entur its 10th month
with no sign of an end to the Israeli
bombardment many fear it won't be long
before their lives will be at risk yet
again make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer